Add Winter 2021 Fanart Contest results newspost (#6558)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2021-12-17-winter-fanart-contest-results.md

[![](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/banners/eulorie.jpg)](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/winners/eulorie.png)

[**eulorie**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/20349380)'s winter wonderland enchanted **4500** voters with promises of smores and adorable outfits in equal measure, toting a festively handsome pippi and a most adorable Chirou with a Mocha backpack to boot!

The overall vibes of this artwork are really something else, and hearken back to the days of old MMORPG festive loading screens like Ragnarok Online, if anybody reading these newsposts is even of the age to remember these games any more. What a piece!

[![](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/banners/Tin_Can.jpg)](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/winners/Tin%20Can.png)

[**Tin Can**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10682807)'s take on a smiling pippi warming herself up with an osu!-brand hot drink earned the approval of **4497** voters, all while Mocha and a don take to ice skating off elsewhere in shot.

[![](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/banners/Dreamxiety.jpg)](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/winners/Dreamxiety.png)

> [**Dreamxiety**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13103233) is back at it again with **3982** voters thoroughly impressed by a doge-toting pippi enjoying a moment whilst Tama and Chirou build a snowman in a rather scenic wintry vista. Simply superb, as always!

Reviewer: You've mistaken Aiko as Tama.
```suggestion
[**Dreamxiety**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13103233) is back at it again with **3982** voters thoroughly impressed by a doge-toting pippi enjoying a moment whilst Aiko and Chirou build a snowman in a rather scenic wintry vista. Simply superb, as always!
```

[![](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/banners/handakote.jpg)](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/winners/handakote.png)

[**handakote**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/23188287)'s undeniable style snared **3839** voters with Mocha and pippi both toting very stylish winter outfits with a splash of floral accent. It's all in the eyes, baby!

[![](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/banners/ShovelKun.jpg)](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/winners/ShovelKun.png)

> **3765** voters were impressed by [**ShovelKun**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9948284)'s festive urban delve into an aloof pippi and unmistakably cute Mocha posing for the camera before a muted cityscape. 

Reviewer 2: syntax error

```suggestion
**3765** voters were impressed by [**ShovelKun**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9948284)'s festive urban take of an aloof pippi and unmistakably cute Mocha posing for the camera before a muted cityscape. 
```

Author: delve into technically correct here and just a wording thing on my part, i'm reluctant to use 'take of' any further since there's a *lot* of it already

Reviewer 2: so you're treating delve in "delve into" as a noun? there is an unrelated archaic definition for delve as a noun, so i still think your usage here is sus

![D87943E4-0D59-4398-B36D-91AA682927EA](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36758269/146540956-4c9cbe18-ce7f-4d86-b915-51fd85b457d0.jpeg)

Reviewer 2: perhaps like this

```suggestion
**3765** voters were impressed to see [**ShovelKun**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9948284) delve into a festive urban style with an aloof pippi and unmistakably cute Mocha posing for the camera before a muted cityscape. 
```

Reviewer 2: hmm upon further inspection it seems you can treat it as a noun like that, but then it still doesn't quite make sense as-is ("a delve into an aloof pippi and co.")

Reviewer 3: delving into an aloof pippi sounds ... perverted?

Excellent use of colour and contrast in this one really makes the whole thing pop, and the votes are the proof!

[![](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/banners/DGen.jpg)](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/winners/DGen.png)

> **3454** voters could not resist the warmth of [**DGen**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13290907)'s most festive entry, showcasing a snug pippi and dozing Chirou enjoying season-appropriate treats before a raging campfire. The tree's decorated with 1-2 and slider baubles, too. Very fitting considering most of them come from a farm.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**3454** voters could not resist the warmth of [**DGen**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13290907)'s most festive entry, showcasing a snug pippi and dozing Chirou enjoying season-appropriate treats before a raging campfire. The tree's decorated with 1-2 patterns and slider baubles, too. Very fitting considering most of them come from a farm.
```

[![](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/banners/SvenJing.jpg)](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/winners/SvenJing.png)

> Frigid elegance presides with [**SvenJing**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11215996) depiction of an ice-wielding pippi in a frozen landscape. **3341** voters were impressed by this artistic twist on the contest theme, and so should you!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Frigid elegance presides with [**SvenJing**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11215996)'s depiction of an ice-wielding pippi in a frozen landscape. **3341** voters were impressed by this artistic twist on the contest theme, and so should you!
```

Always a pleasure to see artists pushing the envelope beyond the normal!

[![](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/banners/RedcXca.jpg)](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/winners/RedcXca.png)

> [**RedcXca**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14056601)'s take on three camping mascots (mostly) enjoying some campfire warmth earned **3335** votes. If you saw pippi, Chirou, Tama and a don all sitting around a fire, what would you do?

Reviewer: Ditto.
```suggestion
[**RedcXca**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14056601)'s take on three camping mascots (mostly) enjoying some campfire warmth earned **3335** votes. If you saw pippi, Chirou, Aiko and a don all sitting around a fire, what would you do?
```

[![](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/banners/157.jpg)](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/winners/157.png)

> [**157**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9315038) introduces some new years flair to **3321** votes of approval with a yukata-clad Mocha set before a firework-lit cityscape. More beautiful use of colour and reflection really brings out the details in this piece, which multiply the longer you look.

Reviewer 2: if this is referring back to ShovelKun's description then that'd be a stretch

```suggestion
[**157**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9315038) introduces some new years flair to **3321** votes of approval with a yukata-clad Mocha set before a firework-lit cityscape. Beautiful use of colour and reflection really brings out the details in this piece, which multiply the longer you look.
```

...is that a pencil dog?

[![](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/banners/ZunK.jpg)](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/winners/ZunK.png)

**3178** could not resist the allure of [**ZunK**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1070783)'s simmering winter stew, complete with crying fish. There's also an absurdly cute drooling Mocha and inquisitive pippi all rugged up in winterwear, too!

[![](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/banners/McFriedFries.jpg)](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/winners/McFriedFries.png)

Creating a shot for the ages, **3106** cheered on [**McFriedFries**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12694139)'s piece depicting a lounging pippi before a sea of flying candlelit lanterns. What a scene!

[![](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/banners/TJ_25.jpg)](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/winners/TJ_25.png)

> [**TJ_25**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18470896)'s Alisa and pippi distributed **2979** gifts and got as many votes in return from excited viewers eager to see a few of their favorite references, such as the venerable 1-2 and the Funny Number.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[**TJ_25**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18470896)'s Alisa and pippi distributed **2979** gifts and got as many votes in return from excited viewers eager to see a few of their favourite references, such as the venerable 1-2's and the Funny Number.
```

[![](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/banners/araran.jpg)](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/winners/araran.png)

[**araran**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8937198) and **1868** voters summoned forth the hidden kitsune shrine-maiden pippi, spoken about only in the ancient tomes of deep osu! lore.

[![](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/banners/Ztalx.jpg)](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/winners/Ztalx.png)

[**Ztalx**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7614399) took off into the skies to **1809** votes, with all the mainline mascots and some crowd favourites in tow to deliver the world's supplies of festive presents.

---

[**Download an archive containing all the winning entries in high quality here!**](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/136/winners/Winter2021FanartContestFinalists.zip)

All of the finalist entries listed above are now available in-game as our Winter 2021 Seasonal backgrounds, accompanied by our very special osu!-themed winter tunes. They'll stick around until a little bit into the new year, so make sure to enjoy them while you can!

> A huge thanks goes out to everyone who took the leap to put their work out there and enter the contest - the legacy of osu!'s fanart contests is a really encouraging and wonderful one, and it has only ended up that way thanks to everyone who's participated over the years!

Reviewer 2: hyphen detected

```suggestion
A huge thanks goes out to everyone who took the leap to put their work out there and enter the contest — the legacy of osu!'s fanart contests is a really encouraging and wonderful one, and it has only ended up that way thanks to everyone who's participated over the years!
```
